Division.
And I met with several people.
I think there was a person named Cliff Ransdale, something like that, that was in the Basic Division.
I can remember speaking to him.
I remember talking to somebody else over there.
But I think reasonably early on I got acquainted with people in agronomy.
By the time I was a sophomore, I was actually working in George Coonsies Laboratory, incidentally, who you remember very well as the former dean of the graduate college.
I started working in his lab, so I probably looked to him more for advice than almost anybody else, but I knew several of the agronomy faculty.
I took introductory soils from a man named Henry or Hank Foth, who was only at Texas A&M three years,
He subsequently went to Michigan State University where he completed his career.
I don't know whether that had anything to do with my emphasizing soils.
Maybe he did.
I thought he taught a very good, well-organized class, and he was a very polished individual.
At that time, dressed far better than the normal
Aggie Wood Dress, Aggie Prof. Made a good impression on me.
So as that first year ended, you go back home for the summer?
Right.
Worked?
Work on the farm all summer.
How did you feel about that first year after it was finished?
Well, I felt good about it.
I was glad it was over.
It felt good to be a sophomore.
But really, you look back on it, and we had a lot of fun.
We made a lot of friends.
It was, on the whole, a pretty congenial bunch of guys.
It was an eye-opener for me in that I'd never...
I'd never really been around someone that was a Roman Catholic.
I probably hadn't seen many people of German ancestry, a few, but just the exposure of people who came from Houston, from Old Country Boy.
So I just found it, I guess, a tremendous expanding experience in terms of
people out there and the kinds of standards and all that people have.
But I never was shaken in my own beliefs what I took there with me.
I got involved with the Presbyterian student group here in the freshman year.
Describe that.
Well, there was a fellow named Charlie Workman who was the leader at that time.
And by Aggie standards, he was a very liberal-minded person.
He got us in contact with a, and somebody told me this man's name the other day, and I'm embarrassed to say I can't remember it, but there was a chaplain at Prairie View who,
Charlie Workman invited up a number of times to have presentations in the YMCA building or in the old A&M Presbyterian Church.
This was by far, far and away, the most educated black man I'd ever encountered in my life.
Certainly made me reassess, I think, some attitudes about things, and my parents
you know, we did have black family on the farm part of the time, and we interacted with that family just like, well, neighbors to be sure, and so I don't think I was reared with a,
to think less of black people than anybody else.
At the same time, what you witnessed was the kids going to a different school and not having contact with them in school and that kind of thing.
And so I think it just built, tended to give you an idea that there just wasn't really such thing as an educated black person.
That man opened my eyes through the years of my undergraduate days here.
But we looked to that as a retreat.
My goodness, we could skip, no, I don't guess we could skip formation, but we could get out of an hour or two of CQ on Wednesday night to go to a church function like that.
And Charlie would have some of the high school girls, generally Presbyterian girls,
that would be there.
You probably remember J.R.
Couch had a daughter who was in College Station High School, and then Brian, there was Harry Statler had a daughter.
Rogers,
Rogers, yeah.
And Adams, families I know you know.
Anyway, those, so it was a chance to mingle with, mingle a little with the opposite sex in addition to going.
And that was a place where upperclassmen dropped handles.
You could speak to, freshman could talk to a senior like just any other person or junior, sophomore.
So it was a, I thought it was a pretty important outlet for us.
Now was there a Sunday night Westminster Fellowship like that?
I don't remember that there was.
Did you attend worship on Sunday morning?
Oh yeah, nearly always.
Where?
Well, I guess I generally went to A&M Presbyterian, but it wasn't uncommon through those years for guys in the outfit to get together and just go as a group some other place, so I attended Baptist Church.
There, I can remember going specifically to it, but I went to A&M Presbyterian almost all the time.
I don't ever remember, well,
Vague memory maybe of being in the first Presbyterian Brine when it was in the old location.
Was there a religious emphasis week?
Yes, sir.
Describe it.
Big time.
Always had, of course it was held in Guyon Hall and they dismissed their release classes to have it usually and it went full week.
Always had somebody that was really good at leading
singing, music, and always had an outstanding speaker.
And to say I can remember any, I remember we had a Methodist minister from Houston one year, can't remember the man's name, who was really, really good.
But Guyton Hall would be full, a couple of thousand people, I'd say, something like that, had 10 that.
Yeah, that was an every year
Now, was the YMCA still a place?
It was still YMCA, at best I remember.
Now, I guess there was a bowling alley in the basement of the Y at one time, but I don't remember that.
I just remember that main floor being set up with a kind of living room type.
Mr. Cashin already retired?
I think so.
I'm trying to remember who the director of the YMCA was.
Short name.
Gay?
Gordon Gay?
Gordon Gay.
That's it.
Right.
He was the director.
I don't remember having any, quote, real activity of YMCA, except I probably went to a few special presentations or something there.
What about that new building on the south side of the drill field?
Was it open?
Yeah.
When I came, I think it opened in 50.
What was your impression of the MSC and all of that?
Well, as I told you, it was the only place on the campus air-conditioned.
The only place that had a TV set, I suppose.
Don't suppose there was another TV on the campus other than there.
I remember they had a lounge where you could go watch TV.
Don't remember doing it very much, maybe for some kind of a special deal, an election results or some such, but oh, it was a fantastic building, fantastic building.
Had one really bad experience there when I was, after I was a graduate student.
They had a major dining room in that area, well, where
As best I can recall, it was about where room 201 is now, very near the main desk.
And my aunt came over one weekend.
I don't remember anyway.
We went to lunch in the MSC dining room.
And we had a table that was rickety, unstable.
And I put my billfold under one leg of that table to stabilize it.
My aunt paid for lunch.
I guess that's my punishment, letting my aunt pay for lunch.
I walked out of there and forgot my billfold.
About three o'clock in the afternoon, I remembered I didn't have my billfold.
I knew exactly where I left it.
I go back, of course, they've cleaned up the dining room and everything.
Never saw the billfold.
It was gone.
Absolutely gone.
It's the only time I've ever lost a billfold in my life.
Never had to put another one under the table leg to balance it either.
And did you get acquainted with the director of the MSC during your student years?
Wayne Stark?
You know, I didn't know him
Real well, to be honest, I didn't think a whole lot of the MSC programs.
I didn't have a lot of time for it, but I guess my main problem was because I really was kind of fond of that Sandra Couch, Dr. Couch's daughter, and Bud Whitney, who was one of the first,
I think he was president of the MSC something.
He was one of the early student leaders in the MSC.
He was in a competition there and he won the competition.
So that probably tainted my view of things a little bit.
You move over sophomore year to the dorm area near the... Duncan Hall.
Duncan Hall.
What was that like then to be a sophomore?
Well, as I say, we were kind of, in a way, we were still freshmen.
We had the lowest thing on the totem pole.
We didn't have to say yes sir and no sir and hit braces and that kind of thing, but we were still pretty low.
But I was, in the previous year, they had two quartermaster outfits, what they called A and B quartermaster.
They combined them when I became a sophomore.
Now, A quartermaster was the athletic and
an academic outfit, and B quartermaster was, quote, the red ass outfit, military.
From my perspective, fortunately for us, the fellow that had been CO for the, I mean, first sergeant for A quartermaster became our CO.
And the first sergeant for the outfit came from B quartermaster.
But obviously he had to function under the,
senior CO and and I would say a high proportion of the seniors in the outfit did come from a quartermaster and they were laid-back bunch and the juniors by and large were pretty laid-back so it was a it was a I would say compared a lot of sophomores I hate it easy because our upperclassmen really were I think they were okay but they weren't
They weren't overbearing in any way I don't remember.
I don't remember anybody facing the board, that kind of thing, in that sophomore year.
I guess it may have happened, but I don't have any knowledge of it.
They used to bowl Coke bottles at the end of the hall, set up Coke bottles at one end of those, you know, you're familiar with those halls and those dorms, those long halls, and they'd set up something like Coke bottles at one end,
Bowl halfway the length of the... What did you use for the bowling ball?
Another bottle.
Oh, oh, oh.
Just slide that thing down the hall.
We didn't do it.
Juniors would mostly do that.
The sophomores got caught doing that.
Who cleaned up the broken bottles?
I expected.
I participated in cleaning up some, sometime.
I imagine sophomores got to clean them up.
What was that called?
Good Bull, I guess.
I don't remember if it had a special name.
That didn't happen real often.
And there was Hall Hockey.
Yeah, it could have been called Hall Hockey.
Yeah, I guess they could have used that term, Hall Hockey.
Yeah, I suppose that's a possibility.
All right.
Describe a football, home football weekend.
Hmm.
But you had to yell practice on Friday night before it.
At what time?
Huh?
Was it midnight in those days?
Yeah, midnight yell practice.
And your first year, you said it was at the Y?
It was always at the Y?
No, at the Grove.
At the Grove?
Had to yell practice at the Grove.
Okay.
Pinky Downs always came out.
and Pinky always had on a loud tie and yell, giga maggies, and throw that tie across the crowd.
I can remember the first one that Bear Bryant had.
Describe that.
Well, if you read the book, which I just did not long ago, it's not a totally inaccurate description.
Of course,
what Bear was thinking during all that time.
But I remember Bear getting out on the stage and shedding his tide and telling us how things were gonna be a lot different.
And the crowd was wild, I mean, absolutely wild.
But we pretty much filled the Grove for yell practice.
And I think that's where we had midnight yell practice all the time I was here.
Were there many young ladies in town for midnight yell practice?
Or was it basically?
I mean, we always, a few guys, and with each passing year, there were more.
But it was basically.
I cannot remember, as a freshman, I cannot remember a fish buddy having a date at a football game.
Now that doesn't mean it didn't happen, but it was a rarity.
Because you had to import girls from T.W.U.
So you went to class the next morning, Saturday morning.
Yep.
Forgot that.
Yeah.
And then as soon as class is over.
You fell out.
I'm wondering if, I don't remember any classes being suspended for football, but we definitely had Saturday morning classes.
I took nutrition from Harry Kunkel.
and we met Tuesday, Thursday, Saturday at 11.
Me and Harry told us from the very first day that we could drop two, we had a quiz every Saturday at 11.
He said you can drop two of them during the semester.
That, in effect, meant when you were taking his class, if you didn't want to miss quiz, you could only miss two Saturdays.
I guess, I guess that's right.
We went to lunch and
went directly to the football game.
I don't think we marched in nearly as much ahead of game time as they do now.
All right, then for court trips, what happened to Saturday classes?
Don't know.
Must have canceled them.
Had to, I guess.
I don't remember.
Did you go on court trips?
Oh yeah, we had to.
Describe that.
There wasn't any choice about going.
Well, we had two every year, depending on who you were playing away from here, but you went to Dallas, Fort Worth, Houston.
Or Austin.
And Austin, yeah.
Those were the court trips.
So how would you get to Dallas or Fort Worth?
Oh...
I guess that freshman year I don't remember.
Most of the time there would be somebody that would have a car and it'd be four or five or six people get in one car and go.
Sometimes I can even, I don't ever remember riding in a pickup, but I've certainly seen others in it, hitchhike.
Sometimes they hitchhike.
I can't remember hitchhiking to Houston.
I remember hitchhiking back from Houston one time on a court trip.
But I guess quite a few hitchhikes.
And to Austin, I really, you know, I just don't have any memory of how we got there.
We got there.
During your four years, that would be eight court trips, how many court trips do you think you probably made?
Well, I'm sure I made two every year.
So you think you made all eight of them?
I believe I did.
I can't imagine having missed one.
Any bad experiences?
No, not really.
Now, where would you all sleep on the Friday nights?
When it was in Houston, I think we'd, I don't think we slept.
I think we'd went down there.
We'd get up early and go down most of the time and come back.
probably sleep four to six in a hotel room someplace.
I know my parents, they probably, they probably had a motel in Dallas one, at least one of the years, maybe both, went there.
Austin, no recollection, don't know.
Probably went over to Austin the morning of the thing and came back.
Most of us didn't have a lot of money.
Do you remember any good bull on court trips?
Any tricks, pranks, jokes?
Not really.
No, those court trips were pretty much a blur.
Silver taps.
What was your first reaction to silver taps?
Do you remember?
We went every time we had it.
We didn't have them near as often as we do now.
Pretty impressive.
Don't remember losing anybody real close to me personally as a student.
Did a typical student take Silver Tap seriously?
Yeah.
Oh, I think so.
Campus was absolutely dark.
I mean, there'd be hell to pay.
I mean, you didn't, there wasn't a light to be seen anywhere.
It was absolutely dark and silent.
I mean, you went there in silence and you went back to the dorm in silence.
Do you remember going to Muster?
Oh, yeah.
Where was it held?
In front of MSC.
Describe it.
Outdoors.
Well, I wouldn't say,
Possibly not a lot different than it is today.
Usually had speakers.
I don't remember the candlelight ceremony per se, but maybe they had it.
They did call the roll.
Yep.
I'm pretty sure of that.
So I suppose in those days to have that thing in front of the MSC and I imagine
that there was always some reference to what the MSC was and the lives of Aggies had given their lives in World War II.
And so I suppose we were very conscious of that.
We were close enough to it that that made an impact.
Because the veteran students were gone.
Yeah, pretty much.
By the time you got here.
Yeah, pretty much gone.
And the Korean War was still underway.
The Korean War was very much with us.
Who were the student leaders, I'm talking about what office or role did they, the student leaders that you and your buddies most respected?
Oh gosh.
Well, the cadet colonel, of course, was a much more prominent individual then than now.
I think we had presidents of student body, but I don't remember any of them.
Court chaplain was usually someone who was pretty much respected.
And I think during those years,
The fellow that was head of the MSC council, directorate, would be a respected student leader.
But for most of us, probably the ones we respected most were the ones that were the leaders in the clubs that we belonged to, technical clubs, whatever.
Well, more technical clubs than anything.
Did you all have a hometown club?
Oh yeah, we had hometown clubs.
Which one?
Well, it would be in Lamar County.
See, what's it called, Lamar County?
It seemed like it was Red River Valley Hometown Club or something like that.
And what did it do other than a range ride?
Not much of anything, but range rides.
Range rides to and from home.
Beam Stallings was in that club when I was in it.
And it did.
We did arrange rides home.
I mean, that was after that, and maybe even in the freshman year, but after that freshman year getting to and from home, I never took the bus again.
Not one more time.
That first experience was enough.
So we'd get rides with people.
I'd catch rides with guys from Paris.
You mentioned Gene Stallings.
Now, he's two years behind you?
Well, let's see.
Is that right?
No, he was in the class of 55.
He was in the class of 56, I think.
And my brother was 57, so he was between us.
I believe Biebs was 56, wasn't he?
He was a senior in, yeah, he was in a senior the first year that Bryant was here.
And describe him, as far as you know, as a student.
Oh, I can't say I knew him real well.
He was a very friendly kind of guy, somebody that was easy to like and talk to and kind of look up to as a person.
Did you know Bobby Drake Keith as a student?
Knew the name, didn't really know him.
He was the other end.
Yeah, yeah.
No, I didn't know him.
There was a fellow named Dutch.
that was also in Quartermaster.
So I knew Dutch pretty well.
In terms of student leaders, Ross volunteers, had Yale leaders, I mean, Yale leaders?
Well, Yale leaders, I guess, were looked up to.
The Ross volunteers, yes, you realize when I was a... Gosh.
I can't remember now, when they exposed the True Texans organization.
Was that while you were a student?
Yeah.
I'm trying to think whether it was actually when I was, it was while I was a student, but it might have, could have been when I was back here as a graduate student, but I think it was while I was still an undergraduate.
That really,
That really shook up the campus in terms of some people that you really respected.
You found out they were in the so-called True Texans and had used, suspected of using those contacts to get them to rank or position that they had on the campus.
So that was a kind of shattering experience.
publicity.
Were you aware that there were any secret fraternities here?
No.
I never remember hearing anything about it.
And I don't think most of the people I'm associated with anything about it.
In all of these interviews, and I feel sure that I've interviewed a few people who probably were members of one of the various groups, nobody knows anything other than they had heard that supposedly they existed.
Because if I'm not mistaken, the stickers
The swastikas goes back into the teens and 20s.
Their symbol was the swastika.
And this is before the National Socialist Party of Germany adopted the swastika.
But it goes way back.
And the TTs, I don't know how far back they go.
See, I had my roommate when I was a senior was in the Ross Volunteers.
And several people in our outfit were in the Ross Volunteers.
I just wish I could remember when that thing was exposed.
I want to say it might have been when I was a graduate student rather than my undergraduate years.
It would have been toward the end of my undergraduate years when it was exposed.
There were people, quote, that presumably were in it that I knew.
But no, I never did.
I don't know if it would ever was clearly established who was a member and who wasn't.
See, when I was a senior year, the cadet colonel of the Corps was Frank Ford, who was an agronomy major, and who I had and have deepest regard for.
And the head yell leader was Presbyterian, who's Presbyterian minister today, by the way, is, oh my goodness, he's, I think he may still be at, Howard Childress was head yell leader.
An Aggie head Yale leader as a minister.
That's a good combination.
Yeah.
And he was in Yakima, Washington, several years.
Last I knew of him, he was in Amarillo.
Were the project houses still in existence and operating as project houses, or were they married student apartments?
No, it was more married student housing at that time, as I recall.
And I remember those.
I remember they were there.
I remember the more
during my graduate student years back because we had married graduate students in the department who lived in them.
So I was in some of those apartments.
Now, what was there at Northgate or Southgate or Eastgate that you and other students would go and enjoy in terms of places to spend money or to have a good time?
I do not remember anything at any of those places that appealed to me.
Now, the Texan and the Triangle were the beer joints, and they were down on South College Avenue where Chicken Oil is now, and what's that?
The Texan was then a drive-in.
Yeah, oh yeah, they were both drive-ins, basically drive-ins.
Well, one of them, the Texan is where, what's the high-priced restaurant?
Oh, that's what it's called now.
The Texan, still called the Texan.
Yeah, I've been in it one time since I came back.
I still remember it as a beer hall.
Was Uncle Ed's?
Hard liquors on Welburn Road in existence in your student days?
Don't know.
There was a liquor store out across the Brazos River Bridge.
Yeah.
The restaurants in later years, we'd like to go to Wormans.
It was out on West 25th Street.
That was a chicken fried steak place, and there was a Zorapi's Mexican restaurant here east on University, off of University.
Clayton's restaurant downtown, well, not downtown, but just past the intersection of Texas and Villa Marie on the left, which is what, Federal Bank or something now.
There was a cafeteria, Hotards Cafeteria was down in the Ridgecrest Townshire Shopping Center.
I think Townshire was built in those years, if I'm not mistaken.
That's the late 50s.
Yeah.
Now, did you and your buddies ever go out to the clay pits?
Describe that.
What...
I couldn't find them now to save my soul.
I can remember going out once or twice when I was a senior, having dates here, go out to Clay Pits Park.
I don't remember.
But they had a reputation.
Clay Pits had quite a reputation.
A place where people went out and drank beer.
Drank beer and parked.
Somewhere south and west of...
Out close to Welburn, someplace in there.
I couldn't find them anyway.
Now, I have never, in asking questions, nobody has ever mentioned any kind of house of ill repute in Brazos County.
Did you ever hear of any?
No.
The chicken ranch did exist in those days?
Yeah.
As far as you were aware, did some Aggies go to the chicken ranch?
Oh, I'm sure, yeah.
You heard?
Yeah.
Oh, yeah.
The, near the end of school, do you remember going through the first time through final review and commencement as a freshman?
I don't know that I went to commencement when I was a freshman.
What about final review?
Oh, yeah.
What was that like?
How did you feel?
Well, it's hard to describe.
I mean, it's just a feeling of real accomplishment, I suppose.
When you're a senior and go through final review, it's probably more sadness than joy.
Why?
Because you know a lot of these guys that you've gone through a lot of stuff with for four years, you walk off that drill field and you're never going to see some of them again.
And that's the literal truth.
I mean, there were about 20 of us in our outfit.
I suppose there are at least six to eight of that group that I have not seen since we separated that day.
Most of us graduated.
on time, and we did graduate in four years.
Now some of us, you know, some of us were in the Army together later.
Some of us have maintained contact over the years, but probably, I'd say, I think there were 21 or 22 seniors in the outfit, and I believe it's fair to say there were probably six that
I've had no contact with at all in intervening years.
Now, I'll admit, probably, you'd say those six might not have been my favorite people or people I had close friendships with, but there were two or three in that bunch that I can think of that I thought a lot of.
We were never, quote, close friends.
We had very different majors, went very different ways, but I respected the person a lot and just,
We've totally lost them.
And I think that realization is there, that you're going.
And, of course, as we were seniors, we were out of the Korean War, and so we really didn't face the imminent danger of death in war, that kind of thing, although that was a specter that wasn't too far from it.
It was kind of Cold War.
It was a specter that was certainly in the back of your mind.
But so it was, yeah, it was a feeling of just supreme elation and at the same time reluctance to give up that which you've had and move to the next level.
Who were the leaders of A&M during your undergraduate years?
The key deans, president, et cetera?
Dean Shepardson was dean of the College of Agriculture.
Did you have any impression of him?
A good man, I thought.
I didn't have a lot of interaction with him at all.
In my last few years, Dr. Morgan was president, David Morgan.
I think he was an outstanding man.
He was probably before his time.
I mean, going back on some, you know, realize he made the Corps optional in 1952.
in the mid-50s sometime in there, and it only lasted, what, two or three years.
But going back on that probably set us back quite a long ways.
I thought he was a very good man, but he didn't have the old Aggie credentials that Earl Rudder did to make the stains stick.
He was an outsider coming in here, and they got him.
But I thought he was, and I honestly can't remember who was, Harrington would be, who was president when I got here.
Morgan came while I was here, and I think he was still president when I graduated.
Gilchrist might have been.
Where was Harrington in this mix of things?
I think Harrington was chancellor, I think,
Had he been president before Morgan came as president?
I believe so.
I believe Harrington was president when I came.
I'm not sure, but I believe he was.
But anyway, I always thought a lot of Morgan.
Did you as a student see Morgan much?
Was he fairly visible?
Well, I think he was relatively visible on campus, but I'd never had any personal interactions with him.
What was it like to try to get a date for an Aggie in an all-male campus?
Well, just virtually impossible.
You weren't lucky enough to get in with one of the local high school girls.
I had a, well, I don't know,
Actually, I was a, I guess you'd say a late bloomer.
I never had a, never really had a date in my life till I was probably a junior down here.
And that was with local high school girls.
When I was a senior, one of the fellows in the outfit was from San Antonio and had a car, got a car, and he would take four of us usually
to San Antonio on a weekend and his girlfriend in San Antonio, they subsequently married and we're still in, she would arrange, quote, blind dates for us.
But usually girls at Trinity because she went to Trinity.
And that was a good time.
We had a good time.
And then his
His girlfriend, I believe, had a car, had access to the family car, so for big events and all, she'd bring girls up from San Antonio.
One experience I had in those years is we went down to San Antonio and they had blind dates for all of us.
And the girl that I had a blind date with,
And the fellow who was really CO of our outfit, but senior, anyway, he had a date with another girl.
Well, they kind of shined each other on a Friday night.
I guess we went down on Friday night.
And so they asked if we could change dates for Saturday night, which we did.
I didn't have much choice.
But they subsequently married.
So they met on one of those blind date weekends.
And I dated the same girl four or five times, I don't remember.
When you and your buddies would go on those blind dates, did you wear your core uniforms?
No, I don't think usually so off campus.
We didn't have to if we were away from the campus.
And I don't believe we did.
Certainly seniors, we probably wouldn't have.
Seniors in those days didn't wear boots like they do today, a lot of places.
And one of the reasons we didn't wear boots, because they didn't fit.
We didn't go down and pay for a pair of custom boots.
When I was a senior, I bought boots from a guy named J.C.
Bryant.
I bought boots, boot pants, shirt, the whole nine yards from J.C.
for $110.
And I had that my senior year.
My brother was two years behind me.
He wore those same boots and pants and shirt and everything and sold them for $120.
So...
We don't have any, neither he nor I have any senior boots we can show you.
These guys have them hanging up in a case and stuff.
But they didn't fit.
I mean they, I've had some of the, I had some of the worst blisters I ever had that senior year and going to these court trips and things where you, or even here, where you had to wear the boots.
Oh, it'd just nearly kill you.
So it's, you know, for me to see seniors that willingly and voluntarily wear these boots to class and things is beyond me.
And, of course, our Kyle Walker just recently was trying to put together $800 for a senior that didn't have money to buy boots.
I thought, boy, they need to, maybe they need to look at the way we got boots.
So, yeah, that was, we made money on the,
But we don't have any souvenirs either.
What were the most popular, during your undergraduate years, the most popular student indulgences?
They smoked tobacco.
What were the popular brands?
Oh gosh.
I think most popular indulgences then is probably the same as it is now, and that's beer drinking.
There were a lot of beer drinkers.
What varieties of beer were Aggies drinking?
Well, Lone Star was one.
I was never a beer drinker, so I don't, I really don't know.
But I remember Lone Star was a popular brand.
And how rare would it have been for there to have been beer or whiskey in a dormitory?
Eskel, I don't, I can never remember seeing it in a dormitory.
I know it had to be there, and maybe I did, but I don't, I mean, I've seen many drunk students, but as far as it being in the dormitory, I don't remember it.
And did the typical students smoke?
No, not in my outfit.
We probably had quite a few smokers, but no, I was just trying to think.
None of my roommates ever smoked.
Well, maybe, maybe the guy from New Mexico smoked some.
He probably smoked when he was drinking.
Had you ever even heard the words of marijuana and cocaine and heroin?
No.
And did you know any Aggies that chewed tobacco or dipped snuff?
Pipe tobacco?
Don't remember it.
Let's see.
Commencement.
Your commencement.
Describe who came and that whole grand event.
Well, I think it was in Guyon Hall.
I'm not even positive about that.
Maybe the commissioning was there and the commencement was someplace else.
My parents were here, my brother.
I don't remember anybody else's family being here.
Well, a real sense of accomplishment for that and, you know, just being able to feel the pride of parents in that and the
I suppose there were more relatives and friends of us as students that were probably here at commencement time than there'd been any time during the four years.
Cora always had this Mother's Day thing that, and I know my brother was the executive officer when, two years later, and I know my mother came down and penned flowers on the kids on Mother's Day.
But I don't believe she came down on that occasion.
So I think there were, she may have, but I think there were more people.
You just felt more of the whole family of accomplishment in that commencement.
I don't remember the commencement address.
Couldn't tell you a thing in the world about who spoke, anything about it.
Was it the kind of commencement you and I know today, every name called, every hand shaking?
Yeah, I think so.
Everybody present?
But I honestly don't remember any of that.
I think I was there.
As you were getting ready to graduate, how well did you think A&M had prepared you to accomplish whatever goals you might set?
Hmm.
Well, I don't know if I stopped to think about it that much.
I think I felt I was prepared.
I didn't have to think very much about what I'd do because I faced the Army immediately, almost immediately.
Graduated some day in May and on the 8th of July, I believe it is, I was in the Army and I was
probably kind of illegal, but I was a commissioned officer in the Army before I was 21 years old.
And I thought what I'd been through at A&M certainly prepared me well for the basic officer's course we had to go through.
That was no real